// Problem Solving //



Notes:
	Use different methods if necessary, introduce auxiliary element if needed,
	check each step, prove it, prove the answer is correct. Ask yourself, What 
	do I know about the problem? What is the information that I have to process
	in order to find the solution? What does the solution look like? What sort
	of special cases exist? How will I recognize that I have found the solution?

	Look for Fimiliar things.
		Don't over think it, I have seen this before, and I know what to do.
		Similar problems different guises. A good programmer sees a task, or
		prehaps part of a task (subtask), that has been solved before and
		plugs in the solution. 

	Divide and Conquer.
		Break up larger problems into smaller units that we can handle. This
		concept is abstraction, cleaning the house(for example) is large, 
		but made up of subtasks, such as cleaning the bedroom, abstraction
		of details of straightening the dresser, vacuuming the floor,... .

	Applying these strategies.
		Okay Now, lets apply these strategies(called heuristics). Now lets
		clean the house again using this strategy. First decide what needs
		done exactly, the bedroom needs cleaned, the kitchen and bathroom need 
		cleaned, the dining and living room need straightened. Now, do we need
		to do the dishes, if so do we have soap and a scrub pad, do we have bleach
		for the bathroom? The bedroom needs cleaned, the bed needs to be made,
		do we have clean sheets? The living and dining room need straightened,
		do we need to dust, if so do we have a rag and water spritzer? The
		dining room needs striaghtened, do we need to sweep, do we have a broom
		and dust pan?
		If we have trouble remembering, we could easily make a "To-Do List", or
		a reminder. We could hash mark each task to be completed, if we used a 
		reminder every week for example the reminder would ding a notification,
		and again we would have the tasks of cleaning the house agian with each
		subtask being, chores, checking them as we complete them one by one. This
		is called repittion or looping. If a was to create a reminder for my friend
		I might ask my friend what tasks he needs completed and this is called conditional
		processing.

	Algorithms.
		In Polya's List, the last sentence in the second step says that you should eventually
		obtain a plan of the solution, in computing this is called algorithm. An algorithm
		is a set of instructions for solving a problem or subproblem in a finite amount of time
		using finite amount of data. In computing we must make certian conditions are explicit
		that are implicit in human solution. Making certiain that the solution satisfies the problem.
		The third step in Poyla's List is to carry out the plan, test the solution to prove is solves
		the problem. The fourth step in Poyla's List is to examine the solution for future applicability.

Poyla's How to Sove It List Poyla, George; How to Solve It. Copyright © 1945 renewed 1973 by Princeton University Press.
Reprinted by permission of Princeton University Press. 5:07 PM 6/15/2025
		